IS >> NOWUMMIT IN
ITALY, PRESIDENT BIDEN T ON
IMNT CEASEFIRE IN STEN TO IS'ANE
ENDORSED BY EC
UN T
ISRAELIS. AND T
HANG-UP  FAR IS HA
REFUSING TO SIGN ON, EVEN
THOUGH THEY HAVE SUBMITTEDTHING
HADN'T
FRUITION, REMAINS INUE TO
PUSH. I DON'T HAVE A FINE LINE
ADMINISTRATOR, SAMANTHA POWER AS
MUNI MUCH
IS E WITHOUT A ADMANITA C'S ABS
BE MORE . YOU HAVE ABOUT 95% OT
ACCESSEAN WATER IN MONTHSISITE R
BESTTS, ONLY 9N
AVERAGE GOT INTO DAY.
THAT'INOF THE
FIGHTING IDF MILITARY
OPERATIONS, HAFIMANG
THE CIVILIAN POPULATION BUT
IT'ALSO, IT
EASEFI
YOU WOULD ULCROSS, OPEN A FULL
FLOW OASSISTANCE GOING OBILIT
THAT WOU DISACAUSE ALMOST THE
SINCE OCTOBER 7, TO
BE ABLE TO GET ACCESS TO FOO
TOY OF THEM ARE
N THE OPEN AIR
RATHER THAN INTENSE. AND OF VITE
DEELY TO BE ABLE TO
SUPPORT OUR HUMANI
PART W ARE
SUPPORTINGAZ
ADMINISTRATOOUD IN
THE PAST THAT DELIVERING AID I
CRITICALLY IMPORTANT.
THE PASTYOU
SAID DELG AID BY LAND IS
YOUWOEVERNG
WHY ISN'T  USING ALL
ITS LEVERAO GET ISRAEL TO , FORR
PE
SPORADIC AIRDROPS WELL, WE HAN
STRATEGY,  SAY, WE
VECO
ARE
XIE G
LEVERAGE WITH THE
F ISRAEL. OBVIOUSLY
YPIA
ON RIT'S
INCREDIBLY IMPOR FHAOINT I
THE EREZ CROSSING BE USE
OM
TRUCKSLA IN TWO GAZA. S BE ABLE
THAT THEY NOT  LOOTED.Y
BUT ALSER. THERE. AND THE
CONFLICT ITSELF GETSN
OF HNG
AB THEIR WORK TH ER
CHALNGMAJOR
MEAN, THIS IS WHY
LAND IS OUR FIRST PRENE RELIABLN
GET PROPERT GOING
THROUGH THE MARITIME PIER.
GOING
500,000 PEOPLE FOR A NTH. SO THN
ADDITIVE PART OF THE SOLUTION,
BUT FOUNDATIONAL MEANS O
GETTING FOOD TO PEOPLE IN GAZA
HAS GOT TO BE BY THESE LAND
CROSNG18SA T
W THE WHOLE
HUMANITARIAN COMMUNI HN
CEB
TINIEST A COYOU RESPOND TOHA>>D
HAVEN'BRATING ANYTHING WOLF. THT
THE FACT THAT YOVE
300 AID WORKERS WHO HAVE BEEN
CONFLICT, MORE JOURNALISLLED THD
OFORE THAN
CIVILIANS, MANY WHOM A
N HAPPENING.N'INCREM
RECOGNIZE THAT ERE NETOOL ANDAL
US BRINGHAT CHANGE AF MASSIVE S
JUST ABOUT GNG
ABOUT LIVES OFAFETY
WHICH R LIVES  F GAZA HAVE NOT
ENJOYED FOR SOME TIME. THERE'SOI
THERE'T BEEN A SINDA
IN MOR MTHWAR WHERE THE BASIC SA
WEUT AT LEAST 500
TRUCKSO THE UNITED S, HASIDE ZA
NEEDORE CROSSINGS OPEN.  MOREFI
RAST THERE TO BE A C
IMPORTAN, MORAL
HINGIN NEED AND AGAIN, WE'VE MA
WERE AT THE BEGINNING, BUTRE NO